celebration time for the pilots of
Finley prep from Henderson Nevada just
outside Las Vegas because there's a
first-ever ESPN rise national high
school invitational tournament champs
maybe Oak Hill from Virginia 74-66
spindly prep undefeated at 32 and oh
it's the first loss of the year for the
Warriors they finish up at 40 and one we
call the game for you on ESPN Dave Ryan
alongside former horizon league coach of
the year paul biancardi this is a lot of
fun to watch partner got eight teams
coming here on the boys side of the
bracket only one could stay at the end
to hold up that trophy and its family
prep and they were outstanding and they
beat a great and i mean great oak hill
team but the whole venue here the whole
tournament had had outstanding teams
great coaches high level players the
action was non-stop no fewer than thirty
Division one prospects played throughout
the weekend but in the end its Avery
Bradley decide to play with Rick Barnes
at Texas who stood the tallest he's a
tournament MVP well he's everybody's MVP
Avery Bradley can get it done on both
ends he's a difference maker he's turned
himself into a long-range shooter he's
an excellent shooter from middle range
he gets to the rim and finishes through
contact and he's at defensive stopper so
all told Paul you saw some great high
school basketball town here you coached
in college in so many different places
so many years how do you evaluate some
of talent we saw here well I would say
it was outstanding we had superstars we
had high level players we had mid major
players we have small college players
and you know what Dave the coaches love
to coach and the players love to play
that's what this tournament is all about
hopefully the first of many NHS I events
here in rockville maryland at georgetown
prep fine on the championship game today
victory for Findlay Prep 74-66 the SPN
Rises ESPN's new high school initiative
providing student athletes in their fans
with content that celebrates high school
sports for the complete ESPN rise fab 50
team rankings and much more log on ESPN
rise calm so long for the final time
from Rockville Maryland
you